If you're looking to contribute to open source projects, I would start with projects that
you actually use and go on GitHub and take a look at their issue tracker.
Maybe they have a label like good first issue or something mundane like a documentation
task or testing.
Something small where you can get familiar with the contribution process.
If you're lucky, in a lot of projects, they will see that you're a new contributor and
they'll give you advice about where you can go from there, but just getting your foot
in the door and getting up your first pull request will start the relationship and I'm
sure that the other developers will be keen to help you out and give you some ideas from
where to go from there.